hey you thirsty um yeah yeah let's make
some wore shoes okay okay so you got
some frozen stuff that I see its own
shoes it all right so you squeeze it out
of there yeah sometimes it might be a
little hard but just get a spoon mm-hmm
take it out oh Jesus good yeah see you
can't get out yeah thinking thinking
like person who uses great all right so
you got it all out of there yeah and
there's a little bit left in there but
that's okay right now we're going to use
this make sure it's cold okay let's
bring this closer all right that's one
do we do six of these okay or you can
just put this on today
cool no he's not fully oh that's all
right various mr. stir it now what do
you usually use chopsticks you can use
forks knives forks but i usually like
things cool these are called I don't
know cool and while you're mixing that
i'm going to go ahead and grab a covert
let's see what we got I don't think yes
we do put in the back and up last one
sorry buddy do you want to add the
gogurt into the own juice sure yeah no I
couldn't I couldn't do it not a
milkshake so I don't want to this is a
blueberry blast I'm just not going to
reset so all right let's try it
good mm-hmm how was it okay cheers
Cheers and Wow not bad huh MA